docs: explain about the conditional default metadataBase on vercel de… (#65583)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/04-functions/generate-metadata.mdx

If not configured, `metadataBase` has a **default value**.

> On Vercel deployment:
> When it's production deployment `VERCEL_PROJECT_PRODUCTION_URL` will be picked up.
> When it's preview deployments, `VERCEL_BRANCH_URL` will be preferred to pick up and fallback to `VERCEL_URL` if it's not present.
> See more details about these environment variables in [System Environment Variables Overview](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/environment-variables/system-environment-variables) docs.
> 
> If these values are present they will be used as the **default value** of `metadataBase`, otherwise it falls back to `http://localhost:${process.env.PORT || 3000}`. This allows Open Graph images to work on both local build and Vercel preview and production deployments.
> 
> When overriding the default, we recommend using environment variables to compute the URL. This allows configuring a URL for local development, staging, and production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On Vercel:
> 
> - For production deployments, `VERCEL_PROJECT_PRODUCTION_URL` will be used.
> - For preview deployments, `VERCEL_BRANCH_URL` will take priority, and fallback to `VERCEL_URL` if it's not present.
> - See more details about these environment variables in the [System Environment Variables](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/environment-variables/system-environment-variables) docs.
>
> If these values are present they will be used as the **default value** of `metadataBase`, otherwise it falls back to `http://localhost:${process.env.PORT || 3000}`. This allows Open Graph images to work on both local build and Vercel preview and production deployments. When overriding the default, we recommend using environment variables to compute the URL. This allows configuring a URL for local development, staging, and production environments.
```
